Clarifications (#928)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/RPC.md

It is recommended to install the `jq` [command line json processor](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) with `sudo apt-get install jq`, and then adding `| jq` at the end of every RPC command to have a structured output.

Then start Wasabi Wallet either in the GUI or [headless daemon](/using-wasabi/Daemon.md) and load the wallet you want to use.

> Open a new Command Line and use the following RPC commands to interact with your wallet, instead of the GUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open a new terminal and use the following RPC commands to interact with your wallet, instead of the GUI.
```
